( both screaming )
I'M SORRY.
THAT IS IT!
YOU JUST BARGE IN HERE.
YOU DON'T KNOCK.
RACHEL, WAIT.
NO! YOU WAIT!
CAN I JUST SAY ONE THING?
WHAT?! WHAT?!
THAT'S A RELATIVELY
OPEN WEAVE
AND I CAN STILL
SEE YOUR...
NIPPULAR AREA.
OH!
I'M SORRY.
I COULD.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
TELL THEM THE STORY
ABOUT YOUR PATIENT
WHO THINKS THINGS
ARE LIKE OTHER THINGS
YOU KNOW?
LIKE WHEN THE PHONE RINGS
AND SHE TAKES A SHOWER.
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH IT.
OOPS.
BUT YOU TELL IT
REALLY WELL, SWEETIE.
THANKS.
OKAY.
NOW GO AWAY SO WE
CAN TALK ABOUT YOU.
OKAY. I'LL MISS YOU.
ISN'T HE GREAT?
HE'S SO CUTE.
HE SEEMS TO LIKE YOU SO MUCH.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
HE'S SO SWEET, OH,
AND SO COMPLICATED, YOU KNOW.
AND FOR A SHRINK,
HE'S NOT TOO SHRINKY.
SO YOU THINK YOU'LL
DO IT ON HIS COUCH?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK THAT'S
A LITTLE WEIRD.
IT'S VINYL.
OKAY. YOU GUYS WANT
ANYTHING ELSE?
COULD I HAVE..?
NO. WE'RE ALL OUT
OF THOSE.
ANYBODY ELSE?
DID IT MISS SOMETHING BETWEEN..?
NO. SHE'S STILL UPSET
BECAUSE I SAW HER BOOBIES.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
SEEING HER BOOBIES?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I WASN'T ACROSS THE STREET
WITH A TELESCOPE AND DOUGHNUTS.
Rachel:
OKAY, OKAY.
COULD WE CHANGE
THE SUBJECT, PLEASE?
YEAH. 'CAUSE, HELLO,
THESE ARE NOT HER BOOBIES.
THESE ARE HER BREASTS.
OKAY, PHEEBS.
I WAS HOPING FOR
MORE OF A CHANGE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU'RE SO EMBARRASSED.
THEY WERE VERY NICE BOOBIES.
NICE?
THEY WERE NICE?
I MEAN, THAT'S IT.
I MEAN, MITTENS ARE NICE.
OKAY.
ROCK.
HARD PLACE.
ME.
( Roger laughing )
YOU'RE... YOU'RE...
YOU'RE SO FUNNY.
HE'S REALLY FUNNY.
OF COURSE, I WOULDN'T
WANT TO BE THERE
WHEN THE LAUGHTER STOPS.
WHOA, WHOA.
BACK UP THERE, SPARKY.
WHAT DID YOU MEAN BY THAT?
IT JUST SEEMS AS THOUGH
THAT MAYBE YOU HAVE
INTIMACY ISSUES--
THAT YOU USE
YOUR HUMOR
AS A WAY OF KEEPING
PEOPLE AT A DISTANCE.
HUH.
I JUST MET YOU.
I DON'T KNOW YOU FROM ADAM.
ONLY CHILD, RIGHT?
PARENTS DIVORCED
BEFORE YOU HIT PUBERTY.
UH-HUH.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
IT'S TEXTBOOK.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
YOU ALL KNOW
MY DAD.
HEY, HOW LONG
YOU IN THE CITY?
A COUPLE OF DAYS.
I GOT A JOB MIDTOWN.
STAYING WITH THE KID IS BETTER
THAN HAULING MY ASS
BACK AND FORTH ON A FERRY.
I DON'T KNOW THIS ONE.
OH. THIS IS
MY FRIEND ROGER.
HI.
HEY, GOOD TO MEET YOU, ROGER.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE PUPPET GUY?
DAD.
OH, OH. EXCUSE ME.
SO, ROSS,
HOW'S THE WIFE?
( moans )
"O" FOR TWO, HUH?
CHANDLER, QUICK,
SAY SOMETHING FUNNY.
I GOT TO GO.
MISS YOU TOO.
I LOVE YOU,
BUT IT'S GETTING REAL LATE.
LET ME SAY HI.
HEY, MA, LISTEN.
I MADE THE APPOINTMENT
WITH DR. BOZITA AND...
EXCUSE ME.
DID YOU KNOW THIS ISN'T MA?
HER NAME'S RONNI.
SHE'S A PET MORTICIAN.
SURE.
SO HOW LONG YOU BEEN..?
REMEMBER WHEN
YOU WERE LITTLE
I USED TO TAKE YOU
TO THE NAVY YARD?
SINCE THEN?
NO. IT'S ONLY BEEN
SIX YEARS.
I JUST WANTED TO PUT
A NICE MEMORY IN YOUR HEAD
SO YOU'D KNOW
I WASN'T ALWAYS
SUCH A TERRIBLE GUY.
JOE, YOU EVER BEEN IN LOVE?
I DON'T KNOW.
THEN YOU HAVEN'T.
YOU'RE BURNING
YOUR TOMATOES.
YOU'RE ONE TO TALK.
JOE, YOUR DAD'S
IN LOVE BIG TIME
AND THE WORST PART
OF IT IS
IT'S WITH
TWO DIFFERENT WOMEN.
OH, MAN, PLEASE TELL ME
ONE OF THEM IS MA.
OF COURSE.
OF COURSE ONE OF THEM'S MA.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
IT'S LIKE
IF YOU WOKE UP ONE DAY
AND FOUND OUT YOUR DAD
WAS LEADING THIS DOUBLE LIFE.
HE'S, LIKE, ACTUALLY SOME SPY
WORKING FOR THE C.I.A.
THAT WOULD BE COOL.
THIS BLOWS.
YEAH. I KNOW.
WHY CAN'T PARENTS
JUST STAY PARENTS?
WHY DO THEY HAVE
TO BECOME PEOPLE?
WHY DO THEY HAVE..?
WHY...
CAN'T YOU STOP STARING
AT MY BREASTS?
WHAT?
DID YOU NOT GET
A GOOD ENOUGH LOOK
THE OTHER DAY?
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE ALL
ADULTS HERE.
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO RESOLVE THIS.
SINCE YOU SAW
HER BOOBIES
I THINK YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE
TO SHOW HER
YOUR PEE-PEE.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T
SEE THAT HAPPENING.
COME ON. HE'S RIGHT.
TIT FOR TAT.
WELL, I'M NOT
SHOWING YOU MY TAT.
( intercom buzzing )
HELLO.
It's Phoebe.
Rog:
And Rog.
COME ON UP.
OH, GOOD.
ROG IS HERE.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ROG?
AH, IT'S NOTHING.
IT'S A LITTLE THING.
I HATE THAT GUY.
SO HE WAS
A LITTLE ANALYTICAL.
THAT'S WHAT HE DOES.
COME ON.
HE'S NOT THAT BAD.
THAT'S WHERE YOU'RE WRONG.
WHY WOULD I MARRY HER
IF I THOUGHT ON ANY LEVEL
THAT SHE WAS A LESBIAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOU WANTED
YOUR MARRIAGE TO FAIL.
WHY?
WHY WOULD I?
WHY? WHY? WHY? WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE...
MAYBE LOW SELF-ESTEEM.
MAYBE TO COMPENSATE
FOR OVERSHADOWING A SIBLING.
WAIT. GO BACK
TO THAT SIBLING THING.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S CONCEIVABLE
THAT YOU WANTED
TO SABOTAGE YOUR MARRIAGE
SO THAT THE SIBLING
WOULD FEEL LIKE
LESS OF A FAILURE
IN THE EYES OF THE PARENTS.
( squeaks in disbelief )
THAT'S... THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
I DON'T FEEL GUILTY
FOR HER FAILURES.
SO YOU THINK
I'M A FAILURE.
ISN'T HE GOOD?
YEAH.
NO, NO, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I WAS SAYING.
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE ON MY SIDE
BUT MAYBE YOU SUCKED UP
TO MOM AND DAD
SO THEY'D KEEP
LIKING YOU BETTER.
I MARRIED A LESBIAN
TO MAKE YOU LOOK GOOD!
( voice quavering ):
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT WASN'T JUST THE WEEBLES
BUT IT WAS
THE WEEBLE PLAY PALACE
AND...
AND THE WEEBLES CRUISE SHIP--
OH, WHICH HAD
THIS LITTLE LIFEBOAT
FOR THE WEEBLES TO WOBBLE IN.
THAT'S TOUGH, TOUGH STUFF.
IF WE'RE GOING TO
THAT MOVIE, WE GOT TO GO.
OKAY. FEEL BETTER,
RACHEL, OKAY?
PHEEBS, WE'RE GOING
TO BE LATE.
LISTEN, THANKS
FOR EVERYTHING, MON.
NO PROBLEM.
LISTEN, GUYS, IT WAS GREAT
SEEING YOU AGAIN.
YEAH.
MON, EASY ON THOSE COOKIES,
OKAY?
REMEMBER, THEY'RE JUST FOOD.
THEY'RE NOT LOVE.
I HATE THAT GUY.
Joey:
GOOD NIGHT, YOU GUYS.
OH, LOOK.
IT'S THE WOMAN
WE ORDERED.
HEY. CAN WE
HELP YOU?
AW, NO, THANKS.
I'M JUST WAITING
FOR JOEY TRIBBIANI.
I'M JOEY TRIBBIANI.
OH, NO, NOT YOU.
BIG JOEY.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE SO MUCH CUTER
THAN YOUR PICTURES.
I'M RONNI.
CHEESE NIP.
UH... JOEY'S HAVING
AN EMBOLISM
BUT I'D GO FOR A NIP.
YOU SEE, MOST PEOPLE,
WHEN THEIR PETS PASS ON
THEY WANT THEM LAID OUT
LIKE THEY'RE SLEEPING.
OCCASIONALLY, YOU GET YOUR
PERSON WHO WANTS THEM IN A POSE
LIKE, AH, CHASING THEIR TAIL...
OR JUMPING TO CATCH A FRISBEE.
JOEY, IF I GO FIRST
I WANT TO BE LOOKING
FOR MY KEYS.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
HEY, JOE.
DAD. RONNI'S HERE.
HUH?
HI.
HEY.
HELLO, BABE.
WHAT ARE...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WELL, YOU LEFT YOUR GOOD
HAIR AT MY APARTMENT.
I FIGURED YOU'D NEED IT
TOMORROW FOR YOUR MEETING.
THANK YOU.
SO, WHO'S UP FOR A BIG
GAME OF KERPLUNK?
LOOK, I, UH...
I SHOULDN'T HAVE COME.
I BETTER GET GOING.
I DON'T WANT TO MISS
THE LAST TRAIN.
I DON'T WANT
YOU TAKING THAT
THING THIS LATE.
DO I STAY HERE?
WHOA-HO.
WE'LL GO TO A HOTEL.
NO, YOU WON'T.
NO, WE WON'T.
IF YOU GO TO A HOTEL
YOU'LL BE...
DOING STUFF.
I WANT YOU HERE
WHERE I CAN KEEP
AN EYE ON YOU.
YOU'RE GOING TO KEEP
AN EYE ON US?
THAT'S RIGHT, AND I DON'T
CARE HOW OLD YOU ARE.
AS LONG AS YOU'RE UNDER MY ROOF
YOU'RE GOING TO LIVE
BY MY RULES.
AND THAT MEANS NO SLEEPING
WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
WOW. HE'S STRICT.
NOW, DAD, YOU'LL
BE IN MY ROOM.
RONNI, YOU CAN STAY
IN CHANDLER'S ROOM.
THANKS. YOU'RE, UH...
YOU'RE A GOOD KID.
COME ON.
I'LL SHOW YOU
TO MY ROOM.
THAT SOUNDS SO WEIRD
WHEN IT'S NOT FOLLOWED BY
"NO, THANKS. IT'S LATE."
OKAY, NOW THIS IS
JUST FOR TONIGHT.
TOMORROW, YOU GOT
TO MAKE A CHANGE.
SIX YEARS IS LONG ENOUGH.
WHAT CHANGE?
BREAK IT OFF
WITH RONNI...
I CAN'T.
THEN YOU GOT TO TELL MA.
THIS IS NOT RIGHT.
BUT...
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT.
NOW GO TO MY ROOM.
HEY, KICKY...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST TRYING
TO GET COMFORTABLE.
I CAN'T SLEEP
IN MY UNDERWEAR.
WELL, YOU'RE GONNA.
I'VE BEEN THINKING.
YOU KNOW, ABOUT HOW
I'M ALWAYS SEEING
GIRLS ON TOP OF GIRLS.
ARE THEY END-TO-END
OR TALL LIKE PANCAKES?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
I'M ALWAYS GOING OUT
WITH ALL THESE WOMEN.
I ALWAYS FIGURED WHEN
THE RIGHT ONE COMES ALONG
I'D BE A STAND-UP GUY
AND GO THE DISTANCE.
NOW I'M LOOKING
AT MY DAD THINKING...
YOU'RE YOU.
WHEN THEY WERE ALL OVER YOU
TO GO INTO YOUR FATHER'S PIPE-
FITTING BUSINESS, DID YOU CAVE?
NO.
NO. YOU DECIDED TO GO INTO
THE OUT-OF-WORK ACTOR BUSINESS
AND THAT WASN'T EASY,
BUT YOU DID IT
AND I'D LIKE
TO BELIEVE THAT WHEN
THE RIGHT WOMAN COMES ALONG,
YOU WILL HAVE THE COURAGE
AND THE GUTS TO SAY,
"NO, THANKS. I'M MARRIED."
YOU REALLY THINK SO?
YEAH, I REALLY DO.
THANKS, CHANDLER.
GET OFF.
( knocking )
HI.
MAY I HELP YOU?
YEAH. JOEY SAID I
COULD USE YOUR SHOWER
SINCE CHANDLER'S IN OURS.
OKAY... WHO ARE YOU?
OH! I'M RONNI.
RONNI RAPPELANO.
THE MISTRESS.
UM, COME ON IN.
OH, THANKS.
I'M RACHEL.
HI.
BATHROOM'S UP THERE.
HOW LONG WOULD YOU
SAY CHANDLER'S BEEN
IN THE SHOWER?
OH, LIKE, UH, FIVE MINUTES.
( under breath ):
PERFECT.
FASTEN YOUR SEAT BELTS.
IT'S PEE-PEE TIME.
HEY, MR. TRIB.
HEY. GOOD MORNING, DEAR.
CHANDLER BING, IT'S TIME
TO SEE YOUR THING.
( both scream )
Joey:
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?!
I THOUGHT
IT WAS CHANDLER!
YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE IN THERE
SO I COULD SEE
YOUR THING!
SORRY. MY THING WAS
IN THERE WITH ME.
HEY, PHEEBS.
HOW'S IT GOING?
GOOD. ROGER'S HAVING
A DINNER THING
AND HE WANTED ME
TO INVITE YOU GUYS.
( faint laugh )
SO WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING. IT'S, UM...
IT'S JUST, UH...
IT'S ROGER.
UM...
THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT...
BASICALLY, WE JUST
FEEL THAT HE'S, UH...
WE HATE THAT GUY.
WE HATE HIM.
WE'RE SORRY, PHEEBS.
UH-HUH, OKAY.
DON'T YOU THINK MAYBE,
THOUGH, THAT IT'S JUST
THAT HE'S SO PERCEPTIVE
THAT IT FREAKED YOU OUT?
All:
NO, WE HATE HIM.
I'M SORRY.
( knocking )
MA! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I CAME TO GIVE YOU THIS
AND THIS!
OW! BIG RING.
WHY DID YOU FILL
YOUR FATHER'S HEAD
WITH ALL THAT GARBAGE
ABOUT MAKING THINGS RIGHT?
THINGS WERE FINE
THE WAY THEY WERE.
THERE'S CHICKEN IN THERE.
PUT IT AWAY.
FOR GOD'S SAKE, JOEY.
REALLY!
HOLD ON.
YOU KNEW?
OF COURSE I KNEW!
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
YOUR FATHER
IS NO JAMES BOND.
YOU SHOULD HAVE HEARD
SOME OF HIS COVER STORIES.
"I'M SLEEPING OVER
AT MY ACCOUNTANT'S."
I MEAN, WHAT IS THAT?
PLEASE!
SO, THEN,
HOW COULD YOU..?
DO YOU REMEMBER HOW
YOUR FATHER USED TO BE?
ALWAYS YELLING.
NOTHING MADE HIM HAPPY.
NOTHING MADE HIM
HAPPY, NOTHING.
NOT THAT WOOD SHOP
NOT THOSE STUPID LITTLE
SHIPS IN THE BOTTLE--
NOTHING. NOW HE'S HAPPY.
IT'S NICE.
HE HAS A HOBBY.
MA, I DON'T MEAN
TO BE DISRESPECTFUL, BUT...
WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
ME? I'M FINE.
LOOK, HONEY...
IN AN IDEAL WORLD,
THERE'D BE NO HER
AND YOUR FATHER WOULD
LOOK LIKE STING.
AND I'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHING ELSE--
EVER SINCE THAT POODLE
STUFFER CAME ALONG
HE'S BEEN SO ASHAMED
OF HIMSELF
THAT HE'S BEEN
MORE ATTENTIVE.
HE'S BEEN MORE LOVING.
IT'S LIKE EVERY DAY'S
OUR ANNIVERSARY.
I'M... HAPPY FOR YOU?
WELL, DON'T BE.
BECAUSE NOW
EVERYTHING'S SCREWED UP.
I JUST WANT IT THE WAY IT WAS.
MA, I'M SORRY.
I... I JUST DID WHAT
I THOUGHT YOU'D WANT.
I KNOW YOU DID, COOKIE.
OH, I KNOW YOU DID.
SO TELL ME...
DID YOU SEE HER?
YEAH.
HMM.
YOU'RE TEN TIMES
PRETTIER THAN SHE IS.
THAT'S SWEET.
COULD I TAKE HER?
HUH... WITH THIS RING?
NO CONTEST.
Roger:
WHAT'S WRONG, SWEETIE?
NOTHING. NOTHING.
WHAT'S WRONG? COME ON.
OH, OKAY.
I MEAN, IT'S NOTHING.
I'M FINE.
IT'S JUST, UM...
IT'S MY FRIENDS.
THEY HAVE A LIKING
PROBLEM WITH YOU
IN THAT, UM, THEY DON'T.
OH. THEY DON'T?
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THEY DON'T SEE
ALL THE WONDERFULNESS
THAT I SEE.
THEY DON'T SEE
ALL THE GOOD STUFF
AND ALL THE SWEET STUFF.
THEY THINK YOU'RE A LITTLE...
WHAT?
INTENSE AND CREEPY.
OH.
BUT I DON'T.
ME, PHOEBE.
WELL, I'M NOT
AT ALL SURPRISED
THEY FEEL THAT WAY.
YOU'RE NOT? SEE, THAT'S
WHY YOU'RE SO GREAT.
ACTUALLY, IT'S QUITE TYPICAL
BEHAVIOR WHEN YOU HAVE
THIS KIND OF DYSFUNCTIONAL
GROUP DYNAMIC.
YOU KNOW, THIS KIND OF CO-
DEPENDENT, EMOTIONALLY STUNTED
SITTING IN YOUR
STUPID COFFEE HOUSE
WITH YOUR STUPID BIG CUPS
WHICH, I'M SORRY,
MIGHT AS WELL HAVE
NIPPLES ON THEM
AND YOU'RE ALL, LIKE
( whining ):
"OH, DEFINE ME!
"DEFINE ME!
LOVE ME! I NEED LOVE!"
SO YOU TALKED
TO YOUR DAD, HUH?
HE'S GOING TO KEEP CHEATING
ON MY MA LIKE SHE WANTED
MY MA'S GOING TO KEEP
PRETENDING SHE DOESN'T KNOW
AND MY LITTLE SISTER, TINA,
CAN'T SEE HER HUSBAND
'CAUSE HE GOT
A RESTRAINING ORDER.
WHICH HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH ANYTHING
EXCEPT THAT I
FOUND OUT TODAY.
THINGS SURE HAVE CHANGED
HERE ON WALTON'S
MOUNTAIN.
SO, JOE, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I GUESS.
IT'S JUST... YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE PARENTS.
AFTER A CERTAIN POINT,
YOU GOT TO LET GO
EVEN IF YOU KNOW BETTER
YOU GOT TO LET THEM
MAKE THEIR OWN MISTAKES.
AND JUST THINK,
IN A COUPLE OF YEARS
WE GET TO TURN INTO THEM.
IF I TURN INTO MY PARENTS,
I'LL EITHER BE
AN ALCOHOLIC BLONDE CHASING
AFTER 20-YEAR-OLD BOYS OR...
I'LL END UP LIKE MY MOM.
HEY.
All:
HEY, PHEEBS.
HOW'S IT GOING?
OH, OKAY, EXCEPT I
BROKE UP WITH ROGER.
All:
OH.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NO, NO, NO.
REALLY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, HE'S A GOOD PERSON
AND HE CAN BE REALLY SWEET
AND IN SOME WAYS, I THINK
HE IS SO RIGHT FOR ME.
IT'S JUST... I HATE THAT GUY.
HI, JOEY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
CLEAR THE TRACKS
FOR THE BOOBIE PAYBACK EXPRESS.
NEXT STOP: RACHEL GREEN.
( both scream )
JOEY, WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU DOING?!
SORRY. WRONG BOOBIES.
HELLO, JOEY.
HUH? HELLO, DEAR.